a: Light combo
b: Medium combo
Down + c: Heavy combo
c: Time Skip counter. Cannot be used during The
World.
Down + a: Tides of Time
During Tides of Time, Hit cannot be hit and you can press the following button to perform the corresponding attack(each attack requires player 2 to be within a certain range):
 +a:Direct Hit(low damage, long range)
 +b:Instant Blow(medium damage, medium range)
 +c:Guard Breaker(high damage,short range)
Down + b: Tides of Time EX
Cost 500 power, has faster cast time than Tides of Time
During Tides of Time EX, Hit cannot be hit and you can press the following button to perform the corresponding attack(each attack requires player 2 to be within a certain range):
 +Time Release:a or down + a or up + a will perform Time Release Type A or B or C, each type can only be performed once during a Time Release combo, and all type can be combo in any sequence.
 +b:Instant Blow EX(attack from behind,medium damage, medium range)
 +c:Guard Breaker EX(attack from behind,high damage,short range)
Forward + c: Deadly Intent
Cost 250 power, During Deadly Intent, Hit cannot be hit and you can press the following button to perform the corresponding move:
 +a: enter Tides of Time
 +b: enter Tides of Time EX
 +c: dash 1 more time, cost no power, up to 2 time.
Backward + c: Mark of An Assassin
Cost 250 power, During Mark of An Assassin, Hit cannot be hit and you can press the following button to perform the corresponding move:
 +a: enter Tides of Time
 +b: enter Tides of Time EX
 +c: dash 1 more time, cost no power, up to 2 time.
a air:air combo 1
b air: air combo 2
c air: air counter. Cannot be used during The
World.
Special 1: Icy Glare: create ice under Hit's feet then the ice expand, damage player 2 if they step on, you can press b or c to
allow the ice to expand in different ways. Cannot be used during The
World.
Special 2: The World: stop time for a mere moment, if you use other special skills, time will stop until you finish performing that skill. Cannot be used when player 2 is in stage 1 of Time Prison. 
Special 3: Time Release Barrage: perform time release 5 time, can be used during The world.
Special 4: Dead Blow: punch a shockwave through time and space, if Hit's power is >= 500, Dead Blow will consume it until Hit's power is <= 500 and increase damage depends on the amount of power consumed. Can be used during The world.
Special 5: Realized Power: dash forward and hit player 2. Can be used during The world. Can be used in air.
Special 6: Type 1: Time Prison: teleport in front of player 2 and Hit will counter the next attack and sent player 2 into Time Prison. Cannot be used during The World. 
 	   Type 2: The World: Muda Muda Muda: dash forward and perform an attack rush. Can only be used during The World. 
Super: Cannot be used during The World.